---
title: Software
image: /images/anything/software.jpg
tags: [software, services, products]
description: Owning a piece of software is a must in todays day and age - get started with us!
author: Caroline Olivia
author-github: https://github.com/carolineolivia
published: true
icon: fas fa-cogs
service: Software
---

### Wanna become a software owner?

Here at Prolike we offer a lean way of programming; a lean way of developing exactly the product you want. We start by delivering you a software product that contains the bare minimum of a viable solution for your needs. We are here to make code come alive, we are here to produce your thougths and ideas. By utilizing the lean methodology, we ensure that we're constantly improving your product along with you.

### What does it take to be a software owner?

The first thing to know about software deliveries from Prolike is, that they are never higher than 50.000 DDK. We never make more than 50.000 worth of software delivery at a time. 

<!-- Find på noget mere at sige Caroline :) -->

### MVP - Minimum Viable Product

The Minimum Viable (MVP) product we create together with you, is the simplest version of the product you want. Maybe you have a lot of exciting ideas, and that is great! We love that! We'll collect all your thoughts in a workshop, and prioritize them together with you - what should come first? What do YOU need as a minimum? What do WE need as a minimum, to make your software come alive? The Minimum Viable product (MVP) also functions as the first delivery ready for release, up to a limit of 50.000 DKK.

#### Gathering feedback

Through the use of the Minimum Viable Product (MVP) we quickly get a feel for how your customers react to the piece of software we've created together. Who want to use the product? What do they think of the product? Is there a audience for the features we are producing?

---

We analyze how the users interact with the piece of software, and from there we can delude if we need to make improvements or other major changes. This is also a chance for you to see if you get what you expected in the first place.

### When are we done?

Actually, we are never done! Software is never "done"! We continue to deliver - continue to improve. Next step after delivering your Minimum Viable Product (MVP) is first delivery, or the first release of your piece of software. 

---

From there, we wait and see if your Minimum Viable Product needs further improvements, slowly working our way to the next release if need be.

### Workshop

We always begin with a workshop, where we find out how to best achieve a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) that best suits all of your needs -- This workshop will be held together with you, a Prolike Elder and two Yipees.

---

Wanna know more? Learn about our workflow [here](/flow/)

---

Do you want become a software owner? Fill out [this form](/form/) and make it easier for us to know about you and your software needs.